#tools fixed Subkey #link-rot (#97)
substrate-developer-hub/awesome-substrate: README.md

- [Sidecar](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar) - REST service that runs alongside Substrate nodes.
- [SS58 Transform](https://polkadot.subscan.io/tools/ss58_transform) - Display key's addressees with all SS58 prefixes.
- [Staking Rewards Collector](https://github.com/w3f/staking-rewards-collector) - A script to parse and output staking rewards for a given Kusama or Polkadot address and cross-reference them with daily price data.

> - [Subkey](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/bin/utils/subkey) - Command line utility for working with cryptographic keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Subkey](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/command-line-tools/subkey/) - Command line utility for working with cryptographic keys.
```
